we all love cute animals from the
various to the fuzziest with their big
eyes and button noses many creatures
have something about them that we simply
find irresistible today we're here in
Cornwall at min-hee Zoo filming some of
their most lovable residents I'm Hannah
sniffle and over the course of this
series we will be delving into the
science of cube taking a look at some of
the world's most adorable species
the red panda also known as the Firefox
native to the mountain ranges of Nepal
China India and Miami they live deep
within the high-altitude forests and are
very rarely seen but when they are
spotted they are simply adorable with
their short snouts and big pointy ears
their faces are white with reddish brown
marks that almost look like tears
living most of their lives and the
treetops their soft fur is incredibly
warm a thick undercoat covered in long
bristly guard hairs makes the red panda
well insulated and is perfectly at home
in the cold mountain and hair and when
they sleep they use their large bushy
tails to wrap around their bodies
keeping them snug throughout the night
[Music]
you would think that their striking
reddish orange coat would make them
stand out but within their environment
the fir trees are covered in a type of
white lichen and reddish-brown moss so
they're fantastic coloration in fact
makes them perfectly camouflaged
being a crepuscular animal they are
mostly active at dusk and dawn this is
when they will search for their food and
being a member of the carnival family
you would think that they would hunt for
prey but unlike other carnivores the red
panda is mostly a vegetarian they will
occasionally take insects but mostly eat
bamboo and only the freshest leaf tips
will do undoubtedly these furry little
fire foxes are up there as one of the
cutest animals on the planet
[Music]
when it comes to being playful they
don't get much more playful and
inquisitive than our next species the
meerkat known for their large eyes with
dark patches small pointy face and bushy
coat they are super cute but their
lovable appearance actually helps them
survive in their environment being
specially adapted to the harsh deserts
of Africa their dark eye patches help
reduce glare from the African Sun so
when on the lookout for predators these
dark patches actually help the meerkats
see better and therefore stay safe in
the group one meerkat will always have
the Rolla century this is when one group
member will stand on their hind legs
using their tail as a prop and act as a
lookout if there is any sign of danger
the sanctuary will call that a warning
bark then the rest of the group can dash
to the safety of their burrows then once
the coast is clear they can get back to
scampering in the Sun
[Music]
meerkats live in groups of around 20
individuals but groups can be up to 50
strong and they depend on each other and
constantly communicate they also rely on
each other for company and have even
been found to cuddle each other
particularly on cool nights these
curious creatures will entertain
themselves with just about anything and
when it comes to being a meerkat
spending time together grooming playing
and foraging is just all part of a day's
work from the high mountains to the
mangrove swamps of Asia our next
creature is the smallest otter species
in the world the Asian short clawed
otter is roughly 60 centimetres long
with around 30 centimetres being its
tail these tiny otters spend around half
their time on land and the other half in
water where they search for their food
using their long super sensitive
whiskers to help them navigate in the
murky river networks a diet of
crustaceans and molluscs as well as the
occasional insect and amphibian keep
them full of energy and they have bags
of personality
[Music]
they are highly sociable living in
family groups of up to 12 to 15
individuals and will often be seen
playing with one another but also with
rocks no one is completely sure why they
do this behavior but when they find a
rock they like they will almost juggle
with it whilst they lay on their backs
and won't let the rock go until they
become more interested in another play
opportunity suggesting they are not only
cute but also very intelligent they have
excellent fur consisting of a densely
packed warm undercoat with super
water-resistant long guard hairs on top
their thick fur layer beneath is
perfectly adapted for their semi aquatic
lifestyle otters will spend a lot of
time grooming themselves as this looks
after the fur but also ensures that air
becomes trapped which is why they can
spend a lot of time in the water without
getting cold all in all these playful
furry and beloved animals are not only
adorable but also highly skilled for
their environment
[Music]
our next animal lives worlds away from
the African desert and is found deep in
the remote forests of Europe the
Carpathian Lynx one of Europe's most
magnificent cat species with their large
eyes black tufted ears and bobtails they
are instantly recognizable and are also
extremely rare to spot but a sight even
more rare than seeing in adults is
witnessing an enchanting kitten the
adorable babies will be born in a den
which their mother will line with
grasses feathers and fur to keep the
kitten nice and warm
they a first born blind and completely
helpless relying on their mothers for
milk protection and warmth after around
six weeks they will start to venture out
of the den into the big outside world
they find everything interesting and
appear to play non-stop but this play is
very important for a young kitten as it
is starting to learn the basics of how
to stalk their prey whilst they are near
the den site they have bundles of energy
and will take every opportunity to
practice their hunting techniques even
if it is on their mother's
[Music]
they will stay with their mothers until
they are fully weaned then at around ten
months old they will leave the comfort
of where they were born and head off
into the woods to find their own
territory and start their adult life
[Music]
these little balls of fluff will grow up
into being top predators in their
environment but when it comes to being
cute this little kitten certainly had to
make the list
[Music]
so this afternoon we bought red panda
some their afternoon meal which consists
of three big bits of bamboo so hopefully
they'll come down being a captive animal
you can pick a cheese when you come to
feed because no one's gonna take it off
here but fingers crossed I'll come down
and say hello your women put some bamboo
up get involved so yep so we're gonna
pop it just in around here
any way you like
but sometimes put in different places so
a reason we put the bamboo in different
places is so it's not the same place
every day so it's enriching for him so
how old are the red pandas here so there
are two red pandas here both 8 years old
so good little a good little pair
because pandas will go to maybe 15 to 20
in captivity yeah so these are fairly
young in terms of them in terms of Panda
oh my goodness she is really enjoying
that isn't she did they get on no now
this panda they do they do they tolerate
each other they share the same
environment in the world they are
solitary so they come from southeast
China these guys would spend a lot of
time on their own only come together to
to mate and then remember to take care
of the youngsters so dad would go on his
way again they're quite happy to eat
together but other than that you'll find
them in different trees and how often do
you feed them bamboo every day so be a
bamboo is fed every day so in the world
India ranges from bamboos being a
captive animal you get a little bit
pampered and you start to get a bit
picky and so unfortunately Jemaine here
and he likes one piece about one type of
bamboo which is a smaller bamboo and so
this is why we only give them smaller
family
[Music]